# CMAKE generated file: DO NOT EDIT!
# Generated by "Unix Makefiles" Generator, CMake Version 2.8

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/extratransmitters/rtpfaketransmitter.cpp.o: extratransmitters/rtpfaketransmitter.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/extratransmitters/rtpfaketransmitter.cpp.o: extratransmitters/rtpfaketransmitter.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/extratransmitters/rtpfaketransmitter.cpp.o: rtpaddress.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/extratransmitters/rtpfaketransmitter.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/extratransmitters/rtpfaketransmitter.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/extratransmitters/rtpfaketransmitter.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/extratransmitters/rtpfaketransmitter.cpp.o: rtphashtable.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/extratransmitters/rtpfaketransmitter.cpp.o: rtpipv4address.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/extratransmitters/rtpfaketransmitter.cpp.o: rtpipv4destination.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/extratransmitters/rtpfaketransmitter.cpp.o: rtpkeyhashtable.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/extratransmitters/rtpfaketransmitter.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/extratransmitters/rtpfaketransmitter.cpp.o: rtpmemoryobject.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/extratransmitters/rtpfaketransmitter.cpp.o: rtprawpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/extratransmitters/rtpfaketransmitter.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/extratransmitters/rtpfaketransmitter.cpp.o: rtptransmitter.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/extratransmitters/rtpfaketransmitter.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/extratransmitters/rtpfaketransmitter.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpapppacket.cpp.o: rtcpapppacket.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpapppacket.cpp.o: rtcpapppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpapppacket.cpp.o: rtcppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpapppacket.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpapppacket.cpp.o: rtpstructs.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpapppacket.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpapppacket.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpbyepacket.cpp.o: rtcpbyepacket.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpbyepacket.cpp.o: rtcpbyepacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpbyepacket.cpp.o: rtcppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpbyepacket.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpbyepacket.cpp.o: rtpstructs.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpbyepacket.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpbyepacket.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: rtcpapppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: rtcpbyepacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: rtcpcompoundpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: rtcppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: rtcprrpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: rtcpsdespacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: rtcpsrpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: rtcpunknownpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: rtpaddress.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: rtpmemoryobject.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: rtprawpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: rtpstructs.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacket.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcpapppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcpbyepacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcpcompoundpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcprrpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcpsdespacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcpsrpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcpunknownpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpmemoryobject.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpstructs.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacket.cpp.o: rtcppacket.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacket.cpp.o: rtcppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacket.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacket.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacket.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcpcompoundpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcppacketbuilder.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcppacketbuilder.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcpscheduler.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcpsdesinfo.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcpsdespacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpkeyhashtable.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpmemoryobject.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtppacketbuilder.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtprandom.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpsourcedata.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpsources.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpstructs.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcppacketbuilder.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcprrpacket.cpp.o: rtcppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcprrpacket.cpp.o: rtcprrpacket.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcprrpacket.cpp.o: rtcprrpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcprrpacket.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcprrpacket.cpp.o: rtpstructs.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcprrpacket.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcprrpacket.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: rtcpcompoundpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: rtcppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: rtcpscheduler.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: rtcpscheduler.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: rtcpsdesinfo.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: rtcpsdespacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: rtpkeyhashtable.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: rtpmemoryobject.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: rtppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: rtprandom.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: rtpsourcedata.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: rtpsources.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: rtpstructs.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpscheduler.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsdesinfo.cpp.o: rtcpsdesinfo.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsdesinfo.cpp.o: rtcpsdesinfo.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsdesinfo.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsdesinfo.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsdesinfo.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsdesinfo.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsdesinfo.cpp.o: rtpmemoryobject.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsdesinfo.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsdesinfo.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsdespacket.cpp.o: rtcppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsdespacket.cpp.o: rtcpsdespacket.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsdespacket.cpp.o: rtcpsdespacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsdespacket.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsdespacket.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsdespacket.cpp.o: rtpstructs.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsdespacket.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsdespacket.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsrpacket.cpp.o: rtcppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsrpacket.cpp.o: rtcpsrpacket.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsrpacket.cpp.o: rtcpsrpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsrpacket.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsrpacket.cpp.o: rtpstructs.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsrpacket.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsrpacket.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtcpsrpacket.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpbyteaddress.cpp.o: rtpaddress.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpbyteaddress.cpp.o: rtpbyteaddress.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpbyteaddress.cpp.o: rtpbyteaddress.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpbyteaddress.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpbyteaddress.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpbyteaddress.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpbyteaddress.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpcollisionlist.cpp.o: rtpaddress.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpcollisionlist.cpp.o: rtpcollisionlist.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpcollisionlist.cpp.o: rtpcollisionlist.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpcollisionlist.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpcollisionlist.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpcollisionlist.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpcollisionlist.cpp.o: rtpmemoryobject.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpcollisionlist.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpcollisionlist.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpcollisionlist.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpdebug.cpp.o: rtpdebug.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpdebug.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpdebug.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtperrors.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtperrors.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtperrors.cpp.o: rtperrors.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtperrors.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtperrors.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtperrors.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpexternaltransmitter.cpp.o: rtpaddress.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpexternaltransmitter.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpexternaltransmitter.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpexternaltransmitter.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpexternaltransmitter.cpp.o: rtpexternaltransmitter.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpexternaltransmitter.cpp.o: rtpexternaltransmitter.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpexternaltransmitter.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpexternaltransmitter.cpp.o: rtpmemoryobject.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpexternaltransmitter.cpp.o: rtprawpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpexternaltransmitter.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpexternaltransmitter.cpp.o: rtptransmitter.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpexternaltransmitter.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpexternaltransmitter.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp.o: rtcppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp.o: rtcpsdesinfo.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp.o: rtcpsdespacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpaddress.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpinternalsourcedata.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpkeyhashtable.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpmemoryobject.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp.o: rtppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpsourcedata.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpsources.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpstructs.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpinternalsourcedata.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpipv4address.cpp.o: rtpaddress.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpipv4address.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpipv4address.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpipv4address.cpp.o: rtpipv4address.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpipv4address.cpp.o: rtpipv4address.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpipv4address.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpipv4address.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpipv4address.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpipv6address.cpp.o: rtpaddress.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpipv6address.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpipv6address.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpipv6address.cpp.o: rtpipv6address.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpipv6address.cpp.o: rtpipv6address.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpipv6address.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpipv6address.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpipv6address.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtplibraryversion.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtplibraryversion.cpp.o: rtplibraryversion.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtplibraryversion.cpp.o: rtplibraryversion.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtplibraryversion.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacket.cpp.o: rtpaddress.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacket.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacket.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacket.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacket.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacket.cpp.o: rtpmemoryobject.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacket.cpp.o: rtppacket.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacket.cpp.o: rtppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacket.cpp.o: rtprawpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacket.cpp.o: rtpstructs.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacket.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacket.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacket.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtcpsdespacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpkeyhashtable.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpmemoryobject.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtppacketbuilder.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtppacketbuilder.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtprandom.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpsources.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtpstructs.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacketbuilder.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacketbuilder.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppacketbuilder.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtcpcompoundpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtcppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtcppacketbuilder.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtcpscheduler.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtcpsdesinfo.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtcpsdespacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtpaddress.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtpcollisionlist.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtpkeyhashtable.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtplibraryversion.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtpmemoryobject.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtppacketbuilder.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtppollthread.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtppollthread.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtprandom.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtprawpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtpsession.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtpsessionsources.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtpsources.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtpstructs.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: rtptransmitter.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtppollthread.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandom.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandom.cpp.o: rtprandom.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandom.cpp.o: rtprandom.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandom.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandom.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandomrand48.cpp.o: rtprandom.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandomrand48.cpp.o: rtprandomrand48.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandomrand48.cpp.o: rtprandomrand48.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandomrand48.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandomrand48.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandomrands.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandomrands.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandomrands.cpp.o: rtprandom.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandomrands.cpp.o: rtprandomrands.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandomrands.cpp.o: rtprandomrands.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandomrands.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandomrands.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandomurandom.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandomurandom.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandomurandom.cpp.o: rtprandom.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandomurandom.cpp.o: rtprandomurandom.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandomurandom.cpp.o: rtprandomurandom.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandomurandom.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtprandomurandom.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtcpcompoundpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtcppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtcppacketbuilder.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtcpscheduler.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtcpsdesinfo.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtcpsdespacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtpaddress.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtpcollisionlist.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtpexternaltransmitter.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtphashtable.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtpipv4destination.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtpipv6destination.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtpkeyhashtable.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtplibraryversion.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtpmemoryobject.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtppacketbuilder.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtppollthread.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtprandom.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtprandomrand48.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtprandomrands.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtprandomurandom.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtprawpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtpsession.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtpsession.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtpsessionparams.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtpsessionsources.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtpsources.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtpstructs.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtptransmitter.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtpudpv4transmitter.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: rtpudpv6transmitter.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsession.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionparams.cpp.o: rtcppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionparams.cpp.o: rtcpsdespacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionparams.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionparams.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionparams.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionparams.cpp.o: rtpkeyhashtable.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionparams.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionparams.cpp.o: rtpmemoryobject.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionparams.cpp.o: rtpsessionparams.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionparams.cpp.o: rtpsessionparams.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionparams.cpp.o: rtpsources.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionparams.cpp.o: rtpstructs.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionparams.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionparams.cpp.o: rtptransmitter.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionparams.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionparams.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtcpcompoundpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtcpcompoundpacketbuilder.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtcppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtcppacketbuilder.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtcpscheduler.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtcpsdesinfo.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtcpsdespacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtpaddress.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtpcollisionlist.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtpkeyhashtable.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtplibraryversion.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtpmemoryobject.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtppacketbuilder.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtprandom.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtpsession.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtpsessionsources.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtpsessionsources.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtpsourcedata.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtpsources.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtpstructs.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: rtptransmitter.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsessionsources.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsourcedata.cpp.o: rtcppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsourcedata.cpp.o: rtcpsdesinfo.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsourcedata.cpp.o: rtcpsdespacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpaddress.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsourcedata.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpkeyhashtable.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpmemoryobject.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsourcedata.cpp.o: rtppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpsourcedata.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpsourcedata.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpsources.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsourcedata.cpp.o: rtpstructs.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsourcedata.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsourcedata.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsourcedata.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtcpapppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtcpbyepacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtcpcompoundpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtcppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtcprrpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtcpsdesinfo.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtcpsdespacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtcpsrpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtpaddress.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtpinternalsourcedata.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtpkeyhashtable.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtpmemoryobject.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtppacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtprawpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtpsourcedata.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtpsources.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtpsources.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtpstructs.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: rtptransmitter.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpsources.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtptimeutilities.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtptimeutilities.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtptimeutilities.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtptimeutilities.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv4transmitter.cpp.o: rtpaddress.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv4transmitter.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv4transmitter.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv4transmitter.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv4transmitter.cpp.o: rtphashtable.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv4transmitter.cpp.o: rtpipv4address.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv4transmitter.cpp.o: rtpipv4destination.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv4transmitter.cpp.o: rtpkeyhashtable.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv4transmitter.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv4transmitter.cpp.o: rtpmemoryobject.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv4transmitter.cpp.o: rtprawpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv4transmitter.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv4transmitter.cpp.o: rtptransmitter.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv4transmitter.cpp.o: rtpudpv4transmitter.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv4transmitter.cpp.o: rtpudpv4transmitter.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv4transmitter.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv4transmitter.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv6transmitter.cpp.o: rtpaddress.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv6transmitter.cpp.o: rtpdebug.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv6transmitter.cpp.o: rtpdefines.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv6transmitter.cpp.o: rtperrors.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv6transmitter.cpp.o: rtphashtable.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv6transmitter.cpp.o: rtpipv6address.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv6transmitter.cpp.o: rtpipv6destination.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv6transmitter.cpp.o: rtpkeyhashtable.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv6transmitter.cpp.o: rtpmemorymanager.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv6transmitter.cpp.o: rtpmemoryobject.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv6transmitter.cpp.o: rtprawpacket.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv6transmitter.cpp.o: rtptimeutilities.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv6transmitter.cpp.o: rtptransmitter.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv6transmitter.cpp.o: rtpudpv6transmitter.cpp
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv6transmitter.cpp.o: rtpudpv6transmitter.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv6transmitter.cpp.o: src/rtpconfig.h
src/CMakeFiles/jrtplib-static.dir/rtpudpv6transmitter.cpp.o: src/rtptypes.h

